

Housing

Spacer: laser cut plexi circle, 3/8", clear, same holes. spacer becomes drilling jug for tins. Always drill from outside of can to inside.

* center hole, 0.25"
* 2 holes either side of center, matching battery housing holes, 0.125"
* 2 holes outside footprint of battery housing, 0.125"

PCB

right angle female headers for power, sensor electrode, and sensor ground. Sensor headers glue to pcb as needed to stabilise solder joint. Sensor headers should face edge of board. Power header should parallel edge of board.

Wires

Switch wires will attach to battery pack ground and power connector ground.  Cut one 6" black wire to thread through hole. This and the battery pack black wire will connect to the switch.

power connector: Solder two male headers, 0.1" spacing. one connects to switch black wire, the other to battery pack positive wire. Cut red and black wire to 3" from where they come through the top of the pack. Leave enough slack to connect/disconnect PCB for maintenance and battery changes. Shrink wrap solder joints.

electrode connectors: Cut two wires, one black (6") one white (2"). Solder one end to 1 straight male header each, shrink wrap solder joints. Strip other ends of wires for wrapping around sensor bolt.

Assembly

1. Thread switch wires (black wire of battery pack and 6" black wire through center hole.
2. Mount battery pack using nylon bolts through mounting holes. Fasten with nylon nuts. Tighten bolts and nuts.
3. Wrap bare end of sensor electrode wire around head of nylon sensor bolt. Then insert in one outer hole. Fasten with metal nut.
4. Thread sensor ground wire through remaining outer hole. Wrap bare end around one of the battey pack bolts underneath nut. With both wires wrapped around bolt, tighten bolts and nuts.
5. solder switch  to ends of switch wires. Shrink wrap ends if possible.
6. glue or double stick tape switch to inside of bottom.
7. attach power connector to PCB
8. Insert batteries.
9. attach PCB to center battery with double-stick tape.
10. Insert candle tube into base
11. Turn on
